README.md, before:

# EMCC's official web-site

EMCC uses [Jekyll Ruby engine](https://jekyllrb.com/) for the content management and Serif as a page layout theme. Every update to this repository automatically updates the web-site by [GitHub's magic](https://pages.github.com/). If you see a misspelled word or have an idea for the website shoot us a merge request or open an issue ticket.

[Demo at GitHub](https://em-cc.github.io/)

[Live web-site](https://www.em-cc.org/)

## Deployment

To run or edit the web-site locally, clone this repository into a local directory, navigate to that directory and run `bundle install` to install the dependencies, then run `jekyll serve` or `bundle exec jekyll serve` to start the Jekyll server.

Refer to Jekyll's [Deployment Methods](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/deployment-methods/) and other Jekyll's documentation to learn Jekyll.

## Read more

[Custom domains at GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site)

Commit message:

Updates for 2022 season + Gemfile fix for Ruby-3.0.0

README.md, after:

# EMCC's official web-site

EMCC uses [Jekyll Ruby engine](https://jekyllrb.com/) for the content management and Serif as a page layout theme. Every update to this repository automatically updates the web-site by [GitHub's magic](https://pages.github.com/). If you see a misspelled word or have an idea for the website shoot us a merge request or open an issue ticket.

[Demo at GitHub](https://em-cc.github.io/)

[Live web-site](https://www.em-cc.org/)

## Deployment

Prerequisites: You need [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org) to be installed on your system.
Then run `gem install bundler jekyll` in your terminal - this
will install bundler and jekyll gems into your Ruby environment.

To run or edit the web-site locally, clone this repository into a local directory, navigate to that directory and run `bundle install` to install the dependencies, then run `jekyll serve` or `bundle exec jekyll serve` to start the Jekyll server.
When you start the server it will show a link to open the web-site. Copy and paste it to the address bar of a web-browser.
What you will see is the development copy of the web-site running on your local host. You can start editing the page files
and see how they look like in the browser.

Refer to Jekyll's [Deployment Methods](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/deployment-methods/) and other Jekyll's documentation to learn Jekyll.

## Read more

[Custom domains at GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site)
